Man, on speaker: ATTENTION,
NEW DUEL ACADEMY STUDENTS:
IF YOU LOOK OUTSIDE
YOUR WINDOWS,
YOU'LL SEE YOUR NEW
HOME AWAY FROM HOME.
NOW, NOW,
I KNOW YOU'RE EXCITED,
BUT DON'T SHOVE.
QUITE A SIGHT, EH?
NOW THEN,
FASTEN YOUR SEATBELTS
AND SET YOUR SEATS BACK
TO AN UPRIGHT POSITION.
WE'RE GOING IN TO LAND.
NEXT STOP, ACADEMY ISLAND.
♪ CHILLIN' OUT
WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKIN' TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOMETHINGS
YOU GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX! ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT! ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON,
YOU BETTER PLAY
YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE
THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX! ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON,
YOU BETTER PLAY
YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET
YOUR GAME ON ♪
GOOD MORNING AND WELCOME,
MY STUDENTS.
I'M CHANCELLOR SHEPPARD,
THE HEADMASTER HERE,
AND YOU ARE THE BEST
AND BRIGHTEST
YOUNG DUELISTS IN THE WORLD.
NOW PLEASE
GET YOURSELVES SETTLED IN
AT YOUR ASSIGNED DORMS.
I THINK YOU'LL FIND THEM
QUITE COMFORTABLE--
DEPENDING UPON
HOW YOU RANKED OF COURSE.
WELL, I DON'T KNOW
ABOUT YOU, SY,
BUT IT LOOKS LIKE I'M IN
THE SLIFER RED DORM.
THAT'S COOL.
SAME WITH ME.
HEY, YOU IN RED, TOO?
WELL NOW, LET'S SEE HERE,
YELLOW SLEEVES,
YELLOW BUTTONS.
I DON'T THINK SO.
OH, I GET IT.
SO THAT'S WHY SY AND I
ARE IN RED.
PLEASE DON'T TELL ME
THAT YOU'VE JUST
FIGURED THAT OUT NOW.
SO WHAT?
EVER THINK
I'M COLOR BLIND?
WELL, NO, ACTUALLY,
I DIDN'T.
ARE YOU COLOR BLIND?
NO, BUT I COULD'VE BEEN.
SEE YOU ROUND
THE DORMS.
I DOUBT THAT.
YOUR DORM'S OVER THERE.
THIS ISN'T A DORM.
IT'S LIKE AN OUTHOUSE
WITH A DECK.
YOU KIDDIN' ME?
CHECK OUT THE VIEW.
THIS PLACE IS GREAT.
ALL RIGHT,
THIS ONE HERE'S
OUR ROOM, SY.
IT'S KINDA SMALL, HUH?
HEY, YOU'RE A SMALL GUY.
ANYWAY, I LIKE IT.
THIS'LL MAKE A SWEET PAD
FOR OUR FIRST YEAR HERE.
YEAH, KINDA WEIRD,
MEETING AT THE ENTRANCE EXAMS,
AND NOW ROOMMATES?
THINK WE WERE SOMEHOW
CONNECTED TO EACH OTHER
IN SOME ANCIENT LIFE, JADEN?
YOU KNOW, LIKE YOU WERE
AN EGYPTIAN PHARAOH
AND I WAS THE GUARDIAN SETO?
NO OFFENSE,
BUT THAT'S JUST LAME.
WELL, IT COULD BE TRUE.
FORGET IT.
THEY BROKE THE MOLDS
WHEN THEY MADE
THE TWO OF US.
YEAH,
FOR DIFFERENT REASONS.
SY, WE'RE GONNA HAVE TO
WORK ON THAT CONFIDENCE.
BUT FIRST,
LET'S WORK ON THIS PAD.
HEY, THOSE WERE CLOSED
FOR A REASON!
OH, SORRY.
YEAH,
WE DIDN'T SEE YOU
UP THERE.
WELL, CAN YOU SEE ME NOW?
WOULD YOU STOP
THE SCREAMING?
WHO ARE YOU
AND WHAT YOU DOING
IN MY ROOM?
OH, SORRY.
MY NAME'S JADEN YUKI.
AND I'M SYRUS.
WE'RE YOUR
NEW ROOMMATES.
YOU'RE NEW ALL RIGHT,
SO LEMME TELL YOU
HOW THINGS WORK HERE.
WHAT THINGS?
LIKE WHEN PARENT'S
WEEKEND IS GONNA BE?
DUH, LIKE HOW THE WHOLE
COLOR THING WORKS?
THAT'S MORE IMPORTANT
THAN ANYTHING.
Both: YEAH?
YA GOT 3 DIFFERENT KINDS OF
STUDENTS HERE:
OBELISK BLUE STUDENTS,
RA YELLOW STUDENTS,
AND SLIFER RED STUDENTS.
NOW, THE BLUES ARE
THE HIGHEST-RANKED STUDENTS.
SOME KIDS ARE BLUE
CUZ A' GRADES,
OTHERS THROUGH CONNECTIONS.
THE YELLOWS ARE
SECOND HIGHEST,
MOSTLY YOUNGER STUDENTS
WITH LOTSA POTENTIAL.
THEN, THERE'RE US,
THE RED WONDERS.
THE WONDERS.
THAT'S A COOL NAME.
AS IN, I WONDER
HOW FLUNKIES LIKE US
EVER GOT THIS FAR, MAYBE.
YEAH, SORRY,
BUT WE'RE BOTTOM OF
THE BARREL HERE.
DUELIN' DUDS.
OH, I'M CHUMLEY,
BY THE WAY.
COME ON.
DON'T TELL ME YOU'RE
STILL DEPRESSED.
BUT CHUMLEY SAID WE REDS
WERE THE WORST.
FORGET THAT.
I MEAN,
RED'S A SWEET COLOR.
THINK ABOUT IT.
WHERE DO YA THINK
THE TERM "RED HOT"
COMES FROM?
FROM RED, BABY.
BESIDES, THE YEAR
HASN'T EVEN STARTED YET,
SO HOW CAN WE BE
THE WORST?
YEAH,
YOU'RE RIGHT, JADEN.
RED IS FOR RED HOT--
SCORCHING,
DANGEROUS, HOT.
I'M LIKE A FURNACE,
OR A REALLY BIG BOTTLE
OF SPICY SALSA DIP, RIGHT?
WAIT, I'M NOT A DIP.
WAIT UP.
THERE'S SOME KIND
OF DUEL ACTION
GOIN' ON IN THERE.
HOW DO YOU KNOW?
I JUST KNOW.
IT'S OVER THIS WAY,
I'M SURE OF IT.
HOW CAN YOU BE SURE OF IT?
DO YOU HAVE SOME KIND OF
SIXTH SENSE FOR DUELING
OR SOMETHING?
IT'S IN THE AIR, SYRUS.
CAN'T YA JUST SMELL IT?
MAYBE IF TODAY'S POLLEN COUNT
WAS LOWER.
ARE YOU SURE
WE SHOULD BE IN HERE?
TOO COOL.
WOW.
THIS IS THE SWEETEST
DUELING ARENA
I'VE EVER SEEN.
YEAH, NO KIDDING.
IT LOOKS COMPLETELY
STATE OF THE ART.
I BET IT WOULD BE
AMAZING TO DUEL HERE.
WELL, LET'S FIND OUT.
DO YOU THINK WE'RE ALLOWED?
SURE WE'RE ALLOWED.
WE'RE STUDENTS HERE
AND THIS IS OUR CAMPUS,
RIGHT?
Boy: WRONG.
THIS IS THE BLUE
OBELISK'S CAMPUS.
AND YOU SLIFER
RED REJECTS
AREN'T WELCOME HERE,
YA GOT THAT?
CHECK OUT THE CREST.
THIS ARENA'S OUR TURF.
SORRY.
WE WERE JUST LOOKING AROUND,
BUT WE'LL LEAVE NOW,
RIGHT, JADEN?
NAH, WE DON'T
HAVE TO LEAVE.
NOT SO LONG
AS ONE OF YOU GUYS
AGREES TO DUEL ME.
I'LL BE A GUEST DUELIST.
HEY, YOU'RE THAT KID.
CHAZZ,
THAT APPLICANT WHO BEAT
DR. CROWLER IS HERE.
CHECK IT OUT.
OH, HEY.
WHAT'S UP?
MY NAME'S JADEN.
AND HE'S...
CHUZZ, WAS IT?
HIS NAME'S
CHAZZ PRINCETON,
AND HE WAS
THE NUMBER ONE
DUELIST
BACK AT DUEL
PREP SCHOOL,
SO YOU MAKE SURE
AND PAY THE PROPER
RESPECTS, GOT IT?
YEAH, HE'S GONNA BE THE
FUTURE KING OF GAMES--
THE BEST DUELIST
IN THE WORLD.
IMPOSSIBLE.
SAY WHAT?
YOU SEE, IT'S IMPOSSIBLE
FOR HIM TO BE
THE FUTURE KING OF GAMES,
BECAUSE THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT I'M GONNA BE.
A SLIFER SLACKER
AS KING OF GAMES?
THAT'LL BE THE DAY.
CAN IT, YOU TWO.
MAYBE THE NEW KID'S
RIGHT.
WHADAYA MEAN
THERE, CHAZZ?
HE DID BEAT CROWLER,
AFTER ALL.
AND THAT LEGENDARY
RARE MONSTER OF HIS,
I SUPPOSE
IT TAKES SOME SKILL
TO PULL THAT OFF.
GOT THAT RIGHT.
OR WAS IT LUCK?
I SAY THAT WE FIND OUT
RIGHT NOW.
BRING IT.
THIS SURE IS A MOTLEY CREW.
WHOA.
WHO IS THAT?
HEY, ALEXIS.
HAVE YA COME TO
WATCH ME MOP THE FLOOR
WITH MY NEW
LITTLE FRIEND
JADEN HERE?
IT'LL BE A SHORT DUEL,
BUT AN ENTERTAINING
ONE FOR SURE.
I'M HERE
TO REMIND YOU
ABOUT THE OBELISK
WELCOME DINNER.
YOU'RE LATE.
OH, YEAH.
COME ON, GUYS.
SORRY IF CHAZZ
RUBBED YOU
THE WRONG WAY.
ALL OF US OBELISKS
AREN'T LIKE THAT.
HE'S JUST A JERK,
ESPECIALLY WITH SLIFERS.
AW, IT'S NO BIG DEAL.
THOSE TYPES DON'T REALLY
BOTHER ME AT ALL.
BESIDES, I'D HAVE
BEATEN HIM IN ONE TURN.
WE'RE GONNA HAVE TO WORK
ON THAT OVERCONFIDENCE.
OK, TWO TURNS.
MAYBE TWO AND A HALF.
WHAT?
THE SLIFER
WELCOME DINNER'S
ABOUT TO START, TOO.
RIGHT.
WE BETTER GO, SY.
HEY, WAIT UP.
OH, HEY.
WHAT WAS YOUR NAME AGAIN?
ALEXIS RHODES.
AND YOURS?
THE NAME'S JADEN.
ALL RIGHT,
SEE YA AROUND.
Sy: AREN'T YOU
GONNA INTRODUCE ME?
JADEN.
Man: YOUR CHEESE, SIR.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Man: CHEERS TO RA.
Second man:
HERE, HERE.
Boy: THIS IS OUR FANCY
WELCOME DINNER?
Second boy: FORGET THAT.
CHECK OUT OUR HEADMASTER.
IT'S A CAT.
I'M DROPPING.
HELLO, CHILDREN.
I'M PROFESSOR BANNER.
NOW BEFORE WE EAT,
I'D LIKE YOU EACH TO TELL US
SOMETHING ABOUT YOUR--
THIS STUFF'S GOOD.
WE'RE SUPPOSED TO SAY
SOMETHING ABOUT OURSELVES.
OK, HOW BOUT THIS?
I'M STARVIN'.
HE'S WALKING OVER HERE,
JADEN.
I MEAN IT, HE'S RIGHT--
WELL, SINCE SOME OF US
DON'T FEEL LIKE WAITING,
LET'S JUST EAT.
I'M STUFFED.
I'LL TELL YA,
PROFESSOR BANNER
SURE CAN COOK.
WOW.
YEAH, AND HE
SEEMS LIKE A PRETTY
NICE GUY, AS WELL.
WITH YA THERE.
HE'S GOOD PEOPLE.
THANKS.
HEY, CHUMLEY,
WANT SOME TEA?
Chumley:
DID I SAY I WAS THIRSTY?
HEY, HE JUST ASKED
IF YOU WANTED SOME TEA.
YA DON'T HAVE TO
SNAP AT HIM.
THAT'S OK, JADEN,
I'M USED TO IT.
TEA MAKES YOU WET THE BED.
NOT THAT I DO...
OR EVER DID--
I MEAN, WHATEVER.
I'M TRYING TO SLEEP.
[BEEPING]
HEY, SLIFER SLACKER,
DON'T THINK
YOU'RE OFF THE HOOK.
TONIGHT AT MIDNIGHT,
IT'S ON.
OH, AND WHY DON'T
WE MAKE IT INTERESTING?
WHOEVER WINS
GETS THE OTHER GUY'S
BEST CARD.
COOL.
GUESS I'LL GET TO DUEL
AT THAT ARENA AFTER ALL.
IF THAT'S CHAZZ
YOU'RE DUELING,
ALL YOU GOT IS TROUBLE.
Sy: I'M NOT SO SURE
THIS IS A GOOD IDEA, JADEN.
GOOD OR BAD,
WHEN SOMEONE CHALLENGES
YOU TO A DUEL,
YA GOTTA STEP UP.
THERE'S NO CHOICE.
WELL, WELL, WELL.
HE SHOWS.
YOU BETTER BELIEVE IT.
THERE WAS NO WAY
I WAS GONNA MISS THIS.
WAIT UP.
Chazz :TIME TO FIND OUT
IF YOU BEATING DR. CROWLER
WAS A FLUKE OR A FACT.
YEAH, WELL,
WE'RE GONNA FIND OUT
SOMETHING ELSE, TOO,
LIKE WHICH ONE
OF THE TWO OF US
IS REALLY GONNA BECOME
THE NEXT KING OF GAMES.
YEAH, YEAH.
JUST MAKE SURE YOU HAVE
YOUR BEST CARD READY
TO HAND OVER WHEN YOU LOSE.
YOU, TOO.
NOW, GAME ON.
Both: DUEL!
ALL RIGHT, SLACKER.
FOR MY FIRST MOVE,
I'LL SUMMON REBORN ZOMBIE
IN DEFENSE MODE.
AND I'LL ALSO PLACE
ONE CARD FACE DOWN.
I GUESS THAT'S ONE WAY
TO START A DUEL,
BUT I'M GONNA GO
A LITTLE BIGGER.
HERE GOES.
HEY, GOOD TO SEE YA,
WINGED KURIBOH.
MAYBE I'LL USE YOU
LATER.
BUT NOW I'LL PLAY
POLYMERIZATION,
FUSIN' ELEMENTAL
HEROES AVIAN
AND BURSTINATRIX...
AND BRINGIN' OUT
ELEMENTAL HERO
FLAME WINGMAN
IN ATTACK MODE.
I TOLD YA I'D START BIG,
DIDN'T I?
I WAS HOPING YOU WOULD.
WHY'S THAT?
BECAUSE THAT CARD
I JUST PLAYED FACE DOWN
WAS A TRAP, SLACKER,
THAT YOU'VE SET OFF.
CHTHONIAN POLYMER,
DO YOUR STUFF.
WHAT'S CHTHONIAN
POLYMER'S STUFF?
Alexis: I HAD A FEELING
I'D FIND YOU GUYS HERE.
ALEXIS?
CHTHONIAN POLYMER'S
A NASTY TRAP.
IT ALLOWS YOU
TO TAKE CONTROL
OF AN OPPONENT'S
FUSION MONSTER
BY SACRIFICING
ONE OF YOUR OWN
CREATURES.
OH, NO.
JADEN JUST SUMMONED
A FUSION MONSTER.
I SACRIFICE REBORN ZOMBIE
TO GAIN CONTROL
OF YOUR WINGMAN.
AW, MY MONSTER.
HOW DID CHAZZ KNOW
TO PLAY THAT?
YOU'RE SO PREDICTABLE,
JADEN.
YOU WOULDN'T STOP TALKING
ABOUT THAT WINGMAN
AT THE EXAM,
SO I'D KNEW
YOU'D USE HIM SOON.
STILL,
SINCE THAT WINGMAN WAS
A SPECIAL SUMMON,
THAT MEANS I'M ALLOWED
TO SUMMON ANOTHER
MONSTER DURING MY TURN.
Jaden, voice-over:
NOT THAT ANYTHING
IN MY HAND
IS A MATCH
FOR THE WINGMAN.
Chazz, voice-over:
GO ON, YOU SLIFER SLACKER.
PLAY ANOTHER MONSTER.
AFTER ALL,
I HAVEN'T FORGOTTEN
THE FLAME WINGMAN'S
SUPER POWER.
ALL RIGHT, I SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO CLAYMAN
IN DEFENSE MODE.
THERE, ALL SET.
YEAH, SET UP
TO GET KNOCKED DOWN.
RISE, CHTHONIAN SOLDIER.
AND NOW, FLAME WINGMAN,
ATTACK WITH
SKY-DIVE SCORCHER.
AND NOW THANKS TO
WINGMAN'S SUPER POWER,
YOUR LIFE POINTS TAKE DAMAGE
EQUAL TO YOUR DESTROYED
MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS.
BUT DON'T THINK
FOR ONE SECOND
THAT I'M DONE YET,
SLACKER.
CHTHONIAN SOLDIER,
ATTACK--
WINDSTORM SLASH!
ARE YOU STARTING
TO KNOW YOUR PLACE HERE
AT THE ACADEMY YET?
MAYBE YOU WERE SOMEBODY
BACK AT HOME,
BUT HERE IN THE BIG LEAGUES,
YOU'RE NOTHING BUT
A PATHETIC LITTLE AMATEUR,
SLIFER SLIME.
I'LL END MY TURN
WITH A FACEDOWN CARD.
GO AHEAD, SLACKER.
[SOBBING]
OH, WHAT WONG, BABY?
ARE YOU CRYING?
[LAUGHING]
THIS IS TOO FUN.
WHAT?
JUST WHAT I CAME FOR.
MAN, I MEAN,
THE TRASH TALKING,
THE ACTION,
IT'S ALL SO GREAT.
WHAT THE...
I SUMMON ELEMENTAL
HERO SPARKMAN.
ALL RIGHT,
SPARKMAN, NOW.
ATTACK WITH
STATIC SHOCKWAVE.
STILL THINK IT'S GREAT,
SLACKER?
BECAUSE WHEN
CHTHONIAN SOLDIER
IS DESTROYED,
YOU RECEIVE
THE SAME AMOUNT OF DAMAGE
TO YOUR LIFE POINTS
AS I DO.
DIFFERENCE IS--
YOU HARDLY HAVE ANY TO SPARE.
IT'S JUST A MATTER OF TIME,
SLACKER.
YOUR BEST CARD'S
ABOUT TO BE ALL MINE.
THIS ISN'T OVER YET.
I THROW DOWN
A FACE DOWN.
PLAY WHAT YOU LIKE.
MY NEXT ATTACK
WILL FINISH OFF
YOUR LIFE POINTS,
AND THAT ATTACK'S
COMING RIGHT NOW.
GO, FLAME WINGMAN!
NOT SO FAST.
THAT WAS A TRAP CARD
I JUST THREW.
A TRAP?
IT'S MIRROR GATE.
THEN JADEN'S
STILL IN THIS DUEL
AFTER ALL.
MIRROR GATE
MAKES TWO MONSTERS
IN A BATTLE
SWITCH WHICH SIDE
THEY'RE ON,
SO NOW THAT WINGMAN
IS BACK WITH JADEN.
YEAH!
GO, WINGMAN.
NOOO!
AND JUST LIKE
YOU TOLD ME A WHILE AGO,
DON'T FORGET MY
WINGMAN'S SUPER POWER.
YOU TAKE DAMAGE EQUAL
TO THE ATTACK POINTS OF
YOUR DESTROYED MONSTER.
ALL RIGHT.
NICE MOVES,
JADEN.
MORE LIKE LUCKY MOVES
IF YA ASK ME,
YOU SLIFER SCHOOL SCUM.
ALL RIGHT,
I ACTIVATE CHTHONIAN BLAST.
NOW, SINCE YOU DESTROYED
ONE OF MY MONSTERS,
I CAN DESTROY ONE OF YOURS,
AND YOU TAKE DAMAGE EQUAL
TO HALF OF ITS ATTACK POINTS.
FLAME WINGMAN.
NOW I ACTIVATE THE TRAP CARD
CALL OF THE HAUNTED.
IT LETS ME SELECT
ONE MONSTER CARD
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
AND SUMMON IT
BACK TO THE FIELD
IN ATTACK MODE.
RISE, INFERNAL WARRIOR!
BUT HE WON'T BE STAYING
ON THE FIELD FOR LONG,
BECAUSE I'M GOING TO
SACRIFICE HIM TO SUMMON
MEFIST THE INFERNAL GENERAL.
NOT BAD.
NOT BAD?
YOU'RE SOMETHING ELSE,
SLACKER, YOU KNOW THAT?
ACTING ALL CONFIDENT.
BUT YOUR LOUSY MONSTERS
WON'T GET YOU
OUT OF THIS JAM.
I KNOW HE'S WRONG,
KURIBOH.
BECAUSE CHAZZ
DOESN'T KNOW THAT
MY MONSTERS AND I,
WE HAVE A BOND.
Jaden, voice-over:
SPEAKIN' OF...
UH, GUYS?
WE GOT COMPANY--
CAMPUS SECURITY.
IF THEY FIND US
ALL IN HERE,
WE'LL GET SERIOUSLY
BUSTED.
Sy: WHAT?
WHY?
I MEAN, WE'RE ALL
STUDENTS HERE.
THE RULES SAY
NO OFF-HOUR
ARENA DUELS.
CHAZZ KNOWS THAT.
BUT LET ME GUESS--
HE DIDN'T TELL YOU.
COME ON, LET'S GO.
WELL, WELL, SLACKER,
LOOKS LIKE YOU
LUCKED OUT THIS TIME.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKIN' ABOUT?
THE MATCH ISN'T OVER.
YEAH, IT IS.
I'VE SEEN WHAT
I CAME HERE TO SEE.
YOU'RE A SORRY DUELIST.
YOU BEATING DR. CROWLER
WAS JUST A FLUKE.
JADEN, WE GOTTA
GET OUT OF HERE.
YEAH,
HE'S RIGHT.
COME ON, LET'S GO.
THIS STINKS.
I HAD THIS GUY
ON THE ROPES.
COME ON!
YOU CERTAINLY
ARE STUBBORN, JADEN.
ONLY ABOUT MY DUELING.
THANKS
FOR SHOWING US
THE BACK WAY OUT.
SURE.
I'M SORRY THAT
YOU DIDN'T GET TO FINISH
YOUR MATCH WITH CHAZZ.
IT'S OK.
I KNOW JUST HOW IT
WOULD'VE ENDED ANYWAY.
REALLY?
NO OFFENSE,
BUT FROM MY POINT OF VIEW,
IT LOOKED LIKE
IT COULD'VE GONE EITHER WAY
BETWEEN YOU AND CHAZZ
WHEN YOU GUYS STOPPED.
NO WAY.
NOT AFTER I DREW THIS.
WITH MONSTER REBORN,
I SUMMON FLAME WINGMAN
FROM THE GRAVEYARD.
ATTACK--
SKY-DIVE SCORCHER!
SEE YA.
HEY, WAIT UP.
Alexis, voice-over:
THIS IS GOING TO BE
ONE INTERESTING YEAR.